Registration Agreement
Article 1 (Applicable)
This agreement is applicable to the our games (referred to as "games") operated , and the users of this games are deemed to agree to the agreement.
Article 2 (User Registration)
The user in accordance with the company developed the method to register members, is to complete the use of landing.However, the user may refuse to use the login and will not be responsible for any reason for refusal.
1. Fill in false information when landing
2. Access by users who have violated this Agreement
3. Other circumstances that the Company considers contrary to the interests of the Company and other customers of the Company
Article 3 (Management of user ID and password)
1. Users in accordance with the principle of self-responsibility to manage their user ID and password.
2. In any case, prohibit users to their own user ID and password transfer or lend to others, the Company will use all the user ID and password on the site to conduct acts, as the user's own behavior or meaning that .
3. The Company may reset the User's password and notify it in advance to protect the User's interest.
Article 4 (Eligibility)
In order to participate in Real Chip Games, you must satisfy the following criteria at all times:
1. You must be at least 18 years old, and must not suffer from any disability or impairment which would prevent you from assuming the responsibilities contained in the Agreement, or from participating in the Games which are offered as part of the Services.
2. You must satisfy yourself that it is legal for you to participate in Real Chip Games in the specific jurisdiction from which you are accessing the Services.
3. You agree and acknowledge that you are not a politically exposed person.
4. You agree and acknowledge that you have not been convicted for any crime.
5. You agree and acknowledge that you are not on the UN Sanctions list or works for a company that is on the UN sanctions list.
Users who do not fulfill the above criteria are expressly barred from participating in Real Chip Games, and would not be entitled to receive any prizes which they may win as a result of participation in Real Chip Games.
The user agrees and acknowledges that he/she can only access the game from territories that are not classified as Restricted Territories. Any access to our website or mobile application by the user from a Restricted Territory through the usage of IP or GPS masking software such as Fake GPS location, Fake GPS GO Location Spoofer etc. will amount to a breach of our terms and conditions. This will lead to permanent blacklisting and deletion of the Username and also forfeiture of the entire cash balance. Further, such actions are also a breach of applicable laws for which the User shall be solely liable to penalties (monetary and penal) under applicable laws. The Company is not responsible for the consequences on the User for illegally accessing our platforms by breaching our security protocol.
Article 5 (Prohibitions)
When using this game, the user shall not conduct the following acts:
1. Violation of the laws and general social ethics
2. Crime
3. Destruction or interference with the company's server or network behavior
4. Hinder the operation of this game behavior
5. Collection of other users of personal information
6. Impersonate another user
7. The use of the game's services directly or indirectly, anti-social forces (such as violence) to provide benefits
8. Other acts which the Company deems inappropriate
Article 6 (Stopping or Interruption of Service Provided by the games)
In the following cases, the Company may interrupt or stop providing part or all of the services of the game without prior notice to the User, and thus shall not be liable for any loss or damage to the User or any third party.
1. Update or maintain this site services
2. As a result of earthquakes, thunder, fire, power outages or other natural disasters such as force majeure causes the site to provide services difficult
3. Computer or network line accident caused by the site to provide services difficult
4. Other cases where the Company believes that it is difficult to provide the service
Article 7 (Limitation and Landing)
The Company may restrict the user to use some or all of the services of this game and even erase the user's use of the landing in the following circumstances, does not bear the resulting damage:
1. The User is in breach of any one of this Agreement
2. The user of this game to provide false information
3. Other companies that the user's use does not meet the interests of the majority of other users
Article 8 (Disclaimer)
1. In the case of unintentional or gross negligence of the Company, the liability of the Company's debts shall not be discharged.
2. In the case of fault of the Company, the Company shall only be liable for damages normally incurred and shall not exceed the total amount of the Order.
3. The company does not use the site services arising from disputes with third parties bear any responsibility.
Article 9 (Services, Changes, etc.)
The Company may not inform the user's circumstances to change the content of this game services or suspension of this game services, not for any loss arising from any responsibility.
Article 10 (Change of Agreement)
The Company may change this Agreement at any time without notice to the User, if necessary.
Article 11 (Notification or Contact)
Notice or contact between the Company and the user to use the contact means indicated in this game.
Article 12 (Prohibition of Transfer of Powers and Obligations)
The User shall not transfer or encumber any rights or obligations arising from the Contract or under this Agreement to any third party without the Company's written undertaking.
Article 13 (Jurisdiction)
This agreement is interpreted according to the laws of the country where it is located.
